Why did you suddenly ask me to go for a night run?
You and your wife
met during a night run
Mr. Duan,
are you trying to reenact *Ruan Ruan Is Like Her*?
(*Ruan Ruan is very much like her — a reference fans of *Empresses in the Palace* would understand*)
Look over there
That’s
where I met my wife
There were a bunch of thugs back then
I walked by
and drove them all off
So what?
Even such a romantic start
ended in divorce
What if
I said it was for you?
Mr. Duan,
that’s not funny
Everyone in Jiang City knows
you divorced
to marry Su Man
Actually, I had my reasons
It wasn’t voluntary
It was...
because
Right now I
don’t even have the energy
to think about this
My mom is preparing
to groom me as...
the heir to the corporation
I’m trying really hard to perform well now
Don’t you have a younger brother?
Your mom wants to hand the company to you?
Ye Qi has had
fragile health since childhood
My mom and I
just want him to grow up healthy
Have some warm water
Peanut powder